very good to all the weak guys
commenting for us again a
golazo that I have gotten that I have
erbol
but the best of all the castle in a
exact minute that is precious or is a
precise touch magnetized too well and
how are we going to teach ourselves and titanic in
these days playing in a kind of
lucky throwing water you know because this
case for days I have scored the goal
more normal it is necessary that it reaches
buy this is
here we have the calculations team 0
minutes 0 minutes does not even reach a
minute ronaldo Christian striker
with everything is possible and assists
we are going to see the guys loading
correctly and that if I have to I am
super happy because this is that my
incredible joy inside
yes sir, you will all think it can be
as very easy and this is
practically
take out with chris paul with 20 more
first I have to beat the second
Christian touch and from what is the
shot of Christian
so if you do not work almost all the
been preparing the gloves while
gloves
like boys is football faster
of the world 1 2 3
for incredible faster it can not be
because it can not be can not be
be more than this
very impressive for the new one is not
appreciates the effect that the ball takes
seeker makes a little I'm going to zoom
pretty as you see comfortable and now in that
moment
the left hand seems dynamic style
de olivera flyer
alive with all his strength
it seems that the ball will go through
above the crossbar
but not but that it's going to take 1 2 3
it's awesome and you
the description of the repetition is
Awesome
it is not impossible to improve